docs/provider: Add New Region information to Maintaining Guide (#9546)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: .github/MAINTAINING.md

- [Terraform S3 Backend issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/issues/22254)
- [Terraform S3 Backend pull request](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/pull/22253)

Typically our process for new regions is as follows:

- Create new (if not existing) Terraform AWS Provider issue: Support Automatic Region Validation for `XX-XXXXX-#` (Location)
- Create new (if not existing) Terraform S3 Backend issue: backend/s3: Support Automatic Region Validation for `XX-XXXXX-#` (Location)
- [Enable the new region in an AWS testing account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html#rande-manage-enable) and verify AWS Go SDK update works with the new region with `export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=XX-XXXXX-#` with the new region and run the `TestAccDataSourceAwsRegion_` acceptance testing or by building the provider and testing a configuration like the following:

```hcl
provider "aws" {
  region = "me-south-1"
}

data "aws_region" "current" {}

output "region" {
  value = data.aws_region.current.name
}
```

- Merge AWS Go SDK update in Terraform AWS Provider and close issue with the following information:

``````markdown

> Support for automatic validation of this new region has been merged and will release with version 2.22.0 of the Terraform AWS Provider, later this week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for automatic validation of this new region has been merged and will release with version <x.y.z> of the Terraform AWS Provider, later this week.
```

---

Please note that this new region requires [a manual process to enable](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande-manage.html#rande-manage-enable). Once enabled in the console, it takes a few minutes for everything to work properly.

If the region is not enabled properly, or the enablement process is still in progress, you can receive errors like these:

```console
$ terraform apply

Error: error validating provider credentials: error calling sts:GetCallerIdentity: InvalidClientTokenId: The security token included in the request is invalid.
    status code: 403, request id: 142f947b-b2c3-11e9-9959-c11ab17bcc63

  on main.tf line 1, in provider "aws":
   1: provider "aws" {
```

---

> To use this new region before Terraform AWS Provider version 2.22.0, you must disable the provider's automatic region validation via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this new region before support has been added to Terraform AWS Provider version in use, you must disable the provider's automatic region validation via:
```
